Fix epic autocomplete to include all epics of a selected project. (#13965)
raycast/extensions: extensions/jira/CHANGELOG.md

# Jira Changelog

> ## [Fix epic autocomplete to include all epics of a selected project.] - 2024-08-10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Fix epic autocomplete to include all epics of a selected project.] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}
```
